The most fundamental construct in S3 is the bucket,
and it's required before storing anything in the service.
So let's create a bucket that we can store the assets for our demo project.
In the scripts/module_04 folder, open the create‑s3‑bucket.js file.
We'll start by replacing the comment on line 4 with
the region that you're working in.
Then on line 7, we'll need to create an s3 object to perform operations on.
Create a new const named s3.
Then assign to it a new AWS.S3 constructor call.
The next few lines just create the bucket with a given
bucket name and output the results.
S3 bucket names do have to be globally unique,
which means you'll need to add something to the bucket name to make
yours different from mine and everyone else's.
So replace the comment on line 9 with something.
Also make sure your bucket name does not contain an underscore.
We will be using the bucket name in a domain name later,
and underscores aren't allowed in URLs.
Now we can implement our createBucket function.
On line 13, create a trusty old params const object.
Creating a bucket doesn't require a lot of options.
The first property is Bucket,
and you can give it the value of the bucketName function argument.
The next property is ACL in all caps and stands for access control list.
This basically defines the permissions of the bucket and its objects.
The value here is one of the several canned ACLs that AWS provides,
which are just predefined sets of permissions.
We can enter the string public‑read as the value here.
With our params object complete, we can now create the bucket.
On line 19, call s3.createBucket,
passing in the params object as our first argument and a callback
function with err and data arguments as the second.
Inside, if there's and err object, call reject with it; otherwise,
call resolve with the data argument.
And with that, our script is done.
Switch over to your command line and execute the
command node create‑s3‑bucket.js.
You'll see some output once it's complete, and your bucket will be created.
You can double‑check in the console as well if you
want to ensure it was successful.
In the next clip, we're going to upload some of our demo project static assets to this bucket.